1. Given any data table file write a script e1.run that computes and outputs basic statistics of such file as follows: number of columns that are separated by space and the number of records in table  that are separated by the new line. if the quotes are used to brace few keywords in data then you should handle it as one column. Please handle the mistakes, f.x., mistake could be different number of columns in several lines. Handle gracefully. You are welcome to have additional parameter to exclude and output debug information which line is wrong.
2. Given any text file (English or Lithuania) as input write a script e2.run that calculates statistics for each word or 2-pairs of words (N-pair is defined two words separated by the distance of other words.), not further away than the end of sentence (Sentences usually are finished with . ? ! symbol.
Be aware of abbreviations in text. Make sure your calculations are case insensitive, handle local LT symbols.
3. Given any JSON file write a script e3.run that given CLI parameters keys and/or data prints key and/or data from .json respectively. 
4. Given any catalog tree as a parameter from CLI and pattern write a script e4.run that finds any sub-tree that has a string pattern and lists the content of the file containing pattern printing output  above the pattern  bellow the pattern 2 lines each.
5. Given from CLI numeric N and text file name as input parameter from CLI  write a e5.run script that processes text file and prints file in the reversed order.  Every Nth word must be capitalized - other letters lowercase. Handle Lithuanian diacritical symbols if in a file.
